hurry race fans how's it hanging
just fine thanks boss wants a word your
online uh personal problem is developed
at home that I'd like you to take a look
at yes sir
if I blink I'm a loser so so the last
time I blanked out I lost my wife and I
nearly lost my mind can't lose her she's
all I've got left
who was he you know the one the one who
waits outside for you and follows you
around like a lost dog
well Shay she went north about a
half-hour ago never reveal yourself to
any man who doesn't need to know and
what other little tricks to do teacher I
taught her to survive to fight and never
let them in sharks have a limited memory
maybe only a minute or two sounds like a
pretty good life to me
of course the downside is they can never
stop swimming because if they stop for
even a moment they'll die
you spent your whole life watching daddy
it's time to act
find her protect her
take care of her follow your heart which
will lead you to your destiny Ewan
McGregor I'm coming but later on I
wonder definitely want a drink
Ashley Judd I've seen you someplace
before
eye of the beholder I would never